Paris Christ Hispanic earth
Shawn get nice medication a kid
it's him I think he's dead man a kid can
hear us
and a kid
repor I'm flattered X scout commander
KITT record
by the time we reached the blue planet
we were out of fuel and out of hope more
than half our population lost to
starvation or sickness during the five
generations of the great migration as
the West's engine the third of four
great turbines failed there was nowhere
left to go we had no choice we were a
species sliding down the razor's edge to
extinction our culture our achievements
everything anyone ever lived or died for
all that beauty and meaning it so easily
have been lost so I leave this record
for those who survived the end of worlds
this confession this warning
did what we had to do I challenge you
all to say you wouldn't do the same but
that doesn't mean we were right
yes was me I was the one who found the
blue planet I brought us here so I
suppose the responsibility for what
happened again with me
although I like to think maybe I'm just
dodging guilt but I like to think that
there are some things that we do not for
ourselves but for others for the
collective
our leaders our survival no opposition
at all might have made things easier who
said the universe was built to give us
everything we want without a little
hardship along the way no matter who we
think we are or how important they
encounter obstacles in our path that we
don't expect
let's face the fact that something or
someone standing in the way of what we
want
and they have ideas of their own